Hello everyone. Welcome back to I'm
Gonna Pack It. I'm Lonnie.
>> Hey, I'm Candace. Welcome back to part
two.
>> Yes,
we're doing two videos instead of one.
>> Same day. We have all those packages
waiting here and we're going to finish
up packing everything else today.
>> What time is it right now? About 11:30
or something.
>> Uh it's 11:45.
>> Okay. Yeah. So,
pretty good many orders today, but um
most of them are pretty quick packs.
>> Yep.
>> Just a couple of exceptions.
Actually, I think I think in this video,
this portion of the video, we may have
one
uh hefty pack. I'm not even sure how I'm
going to pack it yet.
It's not going to be bad, though. Got a
magnet going out to Jeremy right now,
though.
Okay,
I think we're about out of magnets.
>> Yeah,
>> that are ready to roll. Anyways,
>> we have some printed. We just need to
glue the magnet on them,
>> right? And sign the back and everything.
Okay. Some blank cameras. Um,
picked these up on Thursday
for 20 bucks.
and quick flipped them for 90. That was
really good.
Okay.
And this looks like it calls for a
I could do a um Yeah, I'll do a do a
ground advantage box here. So, this is
going to go ground advantage.
>> The Okay.
>> Unless you tell me it needs to go
otherwise.
>> That's good.
>> I need to try and remember to use these
as much as possible because they are
they are free. You're
>> right.
>> And there are some cases where
we really need the the 12 122 12s for
other stuff, you know.
This isn't one of them, though.
Or even like uh how sometimes you can
make two out of one.
>> Yeah, I've never done that with this. Um
the other box.
>> Yeah, the shoe box.
>> The shoe box.
I may do some more of those.
They It does make strong little boxes
when I do them.
>> I wonder if it would be a good size for
a hat.
>> What's that? The other box?
>> Yeah. Cut in half.
>> I don't think so. They're a little
small.
Oh, you could if you um
This is going to Robert. Is that right?
You could if you were um you could as
long as you didn't mind making a small
like not making them the same size,
you know, like get one one box big
enough for a hat. You look confused. You
okay?
>> Yeah.
>> What's wrong?
>> I'm missing something. Oh. Uh
>> oh. What are you missing? A
>> G.I. Joe figure.
Did we pack it?
>> I don't think so.
>> Okay, hang on.
All right, y'all. So, we're actually set
up for packing right now.
>> Yeah.
>> But then Candace realized we didn't pull
one of our orders. So, we're going to
add this in now.
>> Yeah.
>> Um,
>> this is a G.I. Joe figure. Cobra Rex the
Rex the Dr. Lewis.
>> This right here. Chief Experimental
Dock.
>> There you go.
>> Yeah, I went to look for it to get it
ready for him. I'm like, uh, where is
this figure at? So, we pulled so many
Joe's today and I just I skipped over
this one somehow.
>> That's okay.
>> Yeah.
>> All right. Back to
>> I'm glad we had it.
>> Yeah. Back to back to your regular
programming. Or you might even go
straight to the uh to the end.
>> Right.
>> All right. So, yeah, we we did have it.
We went ahead and pulled it. There we
go.
>> All right.
>> That's the cameras. What we have here?
pants.
>> All right,
that's one pair, huh?
>> Yep. One pair.
>> Okay, that's going to get
I don't Sometimes I'll just put them
straight into the bag. I don't know.
I'll I'll do an interior bag, I guess.
One thing I love
with the ground advantage packaging.
I love these poly mailers, y'all. These
are awesome. Nice and big and strong,
high quality.
There's one thing that I want to keep
ordering. Like the boxes, I'm happy to
I'm happy to have the boxes, don't get
me wrong,
>> but
these uh
These poly mailers are so nice.
>> We'd be hardressed to find poly mailers
this uh this high quality for any any
kind of decent price,
>> right? Yeah,
>> they're good.
>> We haven't ordered them lately, but um
the eBay ones used to be really high
quality, too. They probably still are.
This is I feel like these are even a
little thicker than those were.
>> And look, the eBay ones we didn't order
like with our money. We used our coupon,
>> right?
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Anytime we talk about the eBay
packing shipping supplies stuff, we're
talking about ordering with a coupon. We
would never
>> we never order this stuff without a
coupon. It's just not a good enough
price.
Like at this point, I'd say like if if
eBay gives us $50 coupon, which is what
we get for our store level,
you get about $25 worth of supplies with
it.
>> Yeah. They're they're they're price they
pump the price up on that stuff,
>> right? And they have a
there's a reason they do that because
whenever they're pitching uh someone to
buy a store or to pay for a you know the
monthly fee for an eBay store, that's
one of the advantages they put. Oh, you
also get free stuff every every 3
months.
>> Little perk.
>> And $50 sounds a lot better than 25,
right?
>> Definitely.
We sold something else,
>> did we?
>> Yeah, we sold three things since we
started packing.
>> What was it this time?
>> Some Elmus eye serum.
>> Sweet. That's pretty good, huh?
>> Yep. $25.
>> Okay.
You never know how Mondays are going to
be.
>> Yeah.
I like I like having this 777 around.
It's kind of good for like whenever I
want to use a little bit bigger box for
a hat.
>> Trying to keep ear out for the carrier
because we have all those encyclopedias
I want to help her with.
Well, we packed those in the last video,
huh?
>> Yep.
>> Yeah. So, we have u
four boxes that are um about 25 lbs a
piece.
And I mean, yeah, she can get them, but
when she pulls up, I'm going to uh go
out there and move them close closer to
where her truck will be. and uh
put them in for if she wants me to.
Although we have Candace, we have a uh
our FedEx driver.
>> Uhhuh. She's strong,
>> man. Yeah. She she showed up
I think on on Friday. I think Friday or
Saturday she showed up with our u I made
a good a good size box order and it was
>> it was a heavy box order where excuse me
I ordered a bunch of 16 1210s and 12
12s. I mean those things are pretty
heavy
>> the way they pack them.
>> Yeah. It's never a problem for her. And
man, she grabbed two of those big
suckers and she ain't she's not a big
person.
>> No.
>> Uh she grabbed she had two of those
suckers and she was holding like I was
like, "Wow." I was impressed cuz I don't
carry them like that.
>> I carry them one at a time.
>> Yeah. She's she's kind of small.
Not really small, but you know.
>> Yeah. I mean, I'm not saying I can't
carry them like that, but I I choose not
to.
>> Yeah.
>> Cuz it's heavy.
>> Yep.
Man, she's she's something.
I always feel bad for her when uh when I
make those Zoro orders.
Oh well, that's their job, but still.
Gh.
>> Yeah.
>> All right.
I don't think I can get this I do 64. I
don't I don't think I can get it under 8
o.
So, it's going to stay here. 12 oz.
Oh, speaking of strong girls, here we
go.
>> Yeah, I'm so strong.
>> You do you do lift a little more than
you used to.
It used to be I did all box lifting and
then after I got hurt a couple times,
Candace started uh
>> Well, my my back is better than it used
to be.
I know that sounds weird since I'm
older, but
these are reels, by the way.
They're heavy. I don't know. I don't
remember how heavy. What are they like
25 lbs or something?
>> Maybe 30.
>> We have 23 in the uh listing.
>> Okay, that must be what it is.
That's how we kind of came up with the
watt size is what I
what I thought made sense.
How much we wanted to ship at a time.
>> Yep.
And it's still enough pieces to um
for our customer to feel like they're
getting a lot for their money, which
they need to cuz they're usually paying
like $30 or something to ship them.
Let's see. What does that weigh? Yeah,
it weighs 23. Is that what you said?
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. We had another shed flips magnet
going out for Logan.
Yeah. So, you could trust those
dimensions as well, Candace.
>> Okay.
I'm going to put in pirate ship just for
the heck of it.
>> It's probably going to be uh Well, it is
going to be UPS ground, I'm sure.
>> Yeah, that's how we have it set up.
>> I don't I mean, it's I mean, you do
always want to check ground advantage,
but I'd be surprised if it was cheaper
on that one.
Okay, we've got um
some more of these army
shirt and pants.
And I think I'm going to nestle this in
right here. And then I'll do a wrap with
that bag again and go with a poly
mailer.
Boy, it's another day where we have a
pretty good bit of bulk going out.
>> Yeah.
>> Yep.
>> Between um
four boxes of encyclopedias, which takes
up a mass amount of room, and then
>> those reels, which are big.
>> And we have another
>> we have another pretty big item coming
up. And heck, these even like this,
we sell a few of these pieces that takes
up pretty good bit of bulk.
>> Yeah.
And we did buy um
Oh, we bought some bulk on Friday as
well, which we'll be talking about in a
vlog pretty soon.
Okay.
>> Oh, yeah. I was trying to remember what
it was. Yep.
>> Yeah.
>> We bought um
we went to one sale, y'all.
It was in a warehouse. We go in and they
they were giving people
kitchen like Glad kitcheniz
trash bags.
>> Yeah.
>> And they were kind of stretchy, too.
>> Yep.
And it was fill a bag for $5.
>> Which immediately you started thinking,
"Okay, you want me to throw it away for
you?" You know, like literally putting
it in a trash bag so we could throw it
away for you, right? But
we get to looking and it's a ton of
um I like at first I don't think we were
impressed when we first walked in.
I didn't realize it was filler bag when
we first walked in. I was like, uh, it
was a bunch of craft stuff,
>> right?
>> Fabric, yarn, um, you know, and just
miscellaneous little craft items
>> new and package.
>> Yeah.
>> And I got to looking, I was like, we we
started thinking and because it was all
very similar stuff. There's like a lot
of uh yarn like Candace said, a lot of
buttons, a lot of uh just sewing
accessories, and then scrapbook
accessories as well.
>> Mhm.
>> And we're like, man, it's all it's all
new in package.
>> Yep.
>> It's pretty low value per item. We knew
that going in, but we were able to get
it so cheap. So, we filled up two uh
trash bags. We paid our $10.
>> Yep.
>> And
I think we killed it. We'll We'll see.
You know, I don't know how we're gonna
>> I tell you what, if I knew anything
about fabric, we probably could have
killed it with that cuz it was a lot of
fabric remnants. Mostly just sewing
like, you know, cotton and stuff. But I
bet there was a lot of money to be had
there cuz it was all it was piled up on
the table.
>> We had uh we did get a lot of it though.
We got um embroidery thread and
>> yarn.
>> Just a bunch of stuff like
>> new and packaged buttons. Yeah.
>> Probably thousands of buttons. I kept
seeing packs of buttons and I just kept
on
>> Yeah,
>> the buttons take up like almost zero
volume.
>> Right.
>> So, yeah, it was fun, man. It was a lot
of fun. Now, how profitable? I think
it's going to be very profitable, too.
>> I think we're going to do well.
>> The only I think The thing we have to be
careful of as always when we get into
these these situations I'm telling
myself okay the buy price is really
cheap
uh we are not going to get like if we
see something that that we think oh well
this might be special or something
>> I don't think there's any of that
honestly it's a mostly it's uh new yarn
so we'll just make a lot
you know we'll lot it up
>> there's a lot more than just yarn though
>> oh I know But we do have a lot of that.
>> You were doing a lot of yarn. I was
doing a lot of other stuff.
>> Right.
>> So, um,
but what we're going to do is we're
going to lot this stuff up and I I'm
guessing like let's just say like four
lots or something like that,
whatever it would be. And hopefully get
a couple hundred bucks.
>> Yeah,
>> that'd be nice.
You just got to be careful not to spend
too much time on it because that
>> Yeah. Don't get bogged down.
>> No,
>> yarn is just not I found it's not worth
selling individually. Um I usually like
to lot either same color or um same
color family like all warms or cools,
you know, like that.
>> Yeah. Yarn. We we've experimented with
it and it's I guess there are some
exceptions but mostly yeah
>> I did also one thing if you can if you
have all the same brand and
>> oh this is uh perhap
>> um
lot numbers are very important because
different lots the dye can come out
different so um yeah that's an important
thing to consider.
That was wild, though. I mean, we've
been to plenty of filler bags.
>> Yeah.
>> And lately, we've been seeing
like even $10 and $15 filler bags for
like a Walmart size plastic bag,
>> right? Yeah. Just a grocery bag. Yeah.
Like I always say, um, something.
Okay, here we go. This is I got to lock
in for this one. Let's see.
I might do something kind of special
here cuz this is something that like
it's wood, but this can easily get
broken if I don't pack it well.
>> Yeah.
>> All right.
See what kind of dimensions.
Okay.
I think I know what I want to do here.
14 would be a good width for a box,
but then it wouldn't be a great length.
H But I might do
I might go grab I might grab one of my
16 cubes
and size it down. I'll be right back.
All right. Went and got my box and I'm
going to give it some more wraps. This
is really cool. Um,
it's it's it's kind of like a death desk
death desk
>> briefcase.
>> Yeah, it's a little organizer box to sit
on your desk.
>> It's like a briefcase though with the
pockets.
>> Yeah. Inside it looks like a briefcase.
It's pretty crazy.
>> I've never seen one of these before.
Isn't it like uh Pearson's
London Bombay company? Bombay. Yeah, I
knew it was one of those kind of
>> mall company mall stores or whatever.
Okay,
one more time.
Long ways.
We'll get our box up here. Start working
on that.
Okie do.
Like I said, I'm going with a 16 1210.
It's going to be resized down a good
bit, but the
the width and like the wid the 2D
dimensions work well.
And I'm going to get some of that
heavier paper
to use here.
I think we're into this thing for about
$5,
>> something like that. Yeah.
I was really surprised at what they sell
for. Now, if we had had a key, we
probably we sold it for 70. If we had
the key, we probably could have got like
80 to 90 for it.
>> Yeah.
Okay. So, I'm gonna I've got some uh
scrap
that I'm going to use in there just to
reinforce the bottom a little bit. And
then the top.
Man, I don't know. I'm going to resizing
this down so much. Maybe I'll just use
the scrap that I make
cuz I'm I don't think I can. Yeah,
that's what I'm going to do. Cuz I don't
even think I can use these. These flaps
won't even fold over that far.
Shoot. By the time I Let's see. I'll do
it about right there.
Okay.
And then I'm going to use my um bogus
paper, which is a little thicker
than this stuff
in this instance.
Okay.
These boxes do these boxes do run a
couple of dollars
a piece. So, I don't use them like
willy-nilly, but this is a great time to
use it.
>> Yeah.
>> Especially given that I'm going to bake
a lot of this scrap back in. I don't
even think I could fold this down. No, I
couldn't. So the top is going to be
really strong with all the flap even
after cutting those off.
Okay.
So I'm just going to put these in here
to really reinforce that bottom
a bunch.
Then it's just a matter of loading this
sucker up with some paper. So I sign
this and slide this in here so I don't
forget the thank you card at the end.
All righty.
Oh man, it feels good being stocked on
uh
I think we have every pack of material
we need right now.
>> Yep.
>> I don't think we're going to have to
order again for a couple weeks.
>> I don't think we're running low on
anything.
>> No, WE GOT EVERYTHING.
IT FEELS GOOD.
>> IT DOES. I think this is the last kind
of hefty pack we have today. Huh.
>> It is.
>> Yeah.
>> I think for
>> a fairly good size handbag, but I mean,
and then after that, everything else is
small.
>> All right.
Oh, yeah. This This guy's going to have
a good ride.
This bogus paper is fantastic
for these situations. Yeah,
>> cuz it it crumples really strongly. It's
a strong crumple.
Okay.
And this packing here is
probably one of the reasons we were
still able to buy this, right?
>> Mhm.
>> A lot of people look at that. Yeah,
that's cool. But
I don't want to mess with all that
packing.
>> Yeah,
>> it wasn't too bad.
>> Big wooden box.
>> Yeah.
So, I don't blame them. It's not fun to
pack, but the money is fun.
Yeah, this is a nice purse here.
I don't really want to fold it up much
at all.
>> No, I wouldn't. I really want to leave
it kind of flat like it like it sits.
Yeah.
Let me see.
Speaking of the eBay, weren't we just
speaking about the eBay packing
materials on this video? I can't
>> Yeah, we were. We're recording three
different videos today. So,
>> we were on this video.
>> I think this eBay box
is these eBay boxes. We have This is a
16128.
It's a good size and we have we also
stock
161 1210s. We use them a lot.
As a matter of fact, I'm going to be
using a lot of the 161 1210s for reels.
uh as I list lots.
But this last time, this is the box we
bought on eBay
with our uh shipping supply coupon.
>> Yep.
>> And yeah, this is a good fit for this
for this bag.
>> I'll just size it down a little bit.
But these 16128s eBay boxes, they are
not nearly as strong as those uh 161
1210 bag boxes, Candace.
>> Yeah,
>> they're not.
>> You can kind of tell by looking at them.
>> They're kind of flimsy,
which makes it a perfect This is a
perfect time to use one.
They're a good size though.
As long as you don't need them to be
real strong. Okay.
We got this uh Candace found this bag
during the Aida spring sale, I think.
>> Yes, I did.
>> What was that about 3 weeks ago now?
>> Yep.
>> Maybe four.
>> I was surprised cuz the sale the prices
were uh pretty high and she sold it to
me for $5.
>> Yeah. When you walked when you walked
over there with that bag, I was like,
"Oh my gosh, how much did you pay on
this bag?" Yep.
>> I I was shocked when you said $5.
>> Yep.
>> I was shocked when I picked it up and
felt the quality.
>> Yeah, it's nice.
>> You can tell some purses are worth money
just by feeling them, you know.
>> That's right. Yeah. Really nice leather
on that.
>> And the hardware, just everything is
heavy duty, you know.
This is a surprisingly valuable little
uh miniature lot. Like doll
type
stuff. Is that what it is?
>> Yeah.
>> It's all Coca-Cola stuff
>> or maybe it's train stuff.
>> Could be. I mean any Yeah. Any kind of
miniature scale of that scale.
Okay.
We've actually done pretty decent. Um
I think last year we found we bought a
big lot of uh dollhouse furniture and
stuff like that.
>> Yeah. New in the package. Yeah.
>> We did really well on it. I did.
Some of it was really expensive stuff.
>> Yeah, it was
>> like like little secretary desk and
armwis and stuff.
>> Yeah, they were selling for like 2025
some of it. Yep. And we got a big We got
like a huge bin of it for 20. Okay. This
is the miniature lot here.
>> That's our last eBay thing.
>> This is right here.
>> No, this right here.
>> Okay.
>> We are in the home stretch now.
>> Yeah, there's two more items. Oh,
really?
>> Yep.
>> Yes. I like that.
Do a little 644 here.
I don't mind going kind of tight on a
644 box cuz they're pretty strong cuz
they're so small.
So, we only have one more thing after
this.
>> Yep.
>> I don't know. I'm I get maybe I'm losing
track of time or something. I have been
packing a while, huh? Guess I'm just
fresh.
>> It was 12:30. We started this at 11:45.
>> Okay.
>> So, yeah.
>> All right. Yeah.
Uh, you already have that printed. Okay.
Another
644 box
>> ground.
>> Dang.
Just surprised we're done. I was
expecting today to be
>> a colossal thing and it's not
>> actually really nice.
>> Yeah, we just had a couple of hard packs
and your hardest one was already packed
by encyclopedia. there,
>> right?
We didn't have glass.
>> Nope. We hadn't been selling.
>> Well, we don't have as much glass for
sale as we have had.
>> No,
>> cuz we sold it a lot of it.
>> Yep.
>> That's not a challenge, by the way. I
mean, if you happen to see some
>> If I see it, I'll buy it if it's worth
buying.
>> Oh, boy.
I'll be trying to distract you. Candace,
look over here.
>> Look at all this.
>> Was there anything over there? No. No. I
already saw this. Good.
>> Mhm.
>> Look at all these clothing that I can
just throw in a poly bag.
>> There we go. That's it.
>> Yeah.
>> Wow. I don't know, man. That seemed kind
of easy. Not bad. No, not bad at all.
Well, that's going to be it for this
one. Thanks so much for watching and
we'll see y'all again very soon. Bye
y'all.
>> Bye.